I'm just ready
the
go wash your hand washing is important
it's bad for you know any germs all up
night
it's a flower with the quickness
pull it out
five pounds ago right here
you look Chris
okay that's the back this one
okay so
Schumaker honest
was there an art to this yes right you
know just right yeah everything is you
know be even much sauce yes
start with the edges
to all the people who don't live in
America yes this is the size of every
pizza that we welcome to welcome to
California yeah I'll take a breadstick
I'll take it sweet nigga
all right here
thank you
that's it there you go
and that's how easy it is whoa it inside
the oven
six minutes fresh pie ready to go back
in
you
so what's the secret to cutting the
pizza just right you must have been a
real attention straight lines oh you
must have put a lot of tension in math
oh yeah how many pleasures do we end up
with here twelve
well slices hot ready to go